                                HAILEYBOT EULA
         The full End User License Agreement for Discord's HaileyBot


                                   Licence

  Under this End User Licence Agreement (the "Agreement"), cheesits#0456 (the 
"Vendor") grants to the user (the "Licensee") a non-exclusive and non-
transferable licence (the "Licence") to use HaileyBot (the "Software").

  "Software" includes the executable computer programs and any related 
printed, electronic and online documentation and any other files that may 
accompany the product.

  Title, copyright, intellectual property rights and distribution rights of 
the Software remain exclusively with the Vendor. Intellectual property rights 
include the look and feel of the Software. This Agreement constitutes a 
licence for use only and is not in any way a transfer of ownership rights to 
the Software.

  The rights and obligations of this Agreement are personal rights granted to 
the Licensee only. The Licensee may not transfer or assign any of the rights 
or obligations granted under this Agreement to any other person or legal 
entity. The Licensee may not make available the Software for use by one or 
more third parties.

  The Software may not be modified, reverse-engineered, or de-compiled in any 
manner through current or future available technologies.

  Failure to comply with any of the terms under the Licence section will be 
considered a material breach of this Agreement.


                           Limitation of Liability

  The Vendor holds no responsibility for messages sent through the Software 
by the Licensee, whether originating from a global message, a direct message, 
or a command.

  The Vendor does not warrant that use of the Software will be uninterrupted 
or error-free. The Licensee accepts that software in general is prone to bugs 
and flaws within an acceptable level as determined in the industry.


                         Warrants and Representations

  The Vendor warrants and represents that it is the copyright holder of the 
Software. The Vendor warrants and represents that granting the licence to use 
this Software is not in violation of any other agreement, copyright or 
applicable statute.


                                  Acceptance

  All terms, conditions and obligations of this Agreement will be deemed to be 
accepted by the Licensee ("Acceptance") on registration of the Software with 
the Vendor.


                                     Term

  The term of this Agreement will begin on Acceptance and is perpetual.


                                 Termination

  This Agreement will be terminated and the Licence forfeited where the 
Licensee has failed to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement or is in 
breach of this Agreement. On termination of this Agreement for any reason, the 
Licensee will be blocked from using this software.


                                Force Majeure

  The Vendor will be free of liability to the Licensee where the Vendor is 
prevented from executing its obligations under this Agreement in whole or in 
part due to Force Majeure, such as earthquake, typhoon, flood, fire, and war 
or any other unforeseen and uncontrollable event where the Vendor has taken 
any and all appropriate action to mitigate such an event.


                              Additional Clauses

  By accepting this agreement, the Licensee agrees to both the Discord ToS and 
the Discord Developer ToS, and understands that a breach of either is also a 
breach of this Agreement.


                                Governing Law

  The Parties to this Agreement submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
the Province of British Columbia for the enforcement of this Agreement or any 
arbitration award or decision arising from this Agreement. This Agreement will 
be enforced or construed according to the laws of the Province of British 
Columbia.


                                Miscellaneous

  Headings are inserted for the convenience of the parties only and are not to 
be considered when interpreting this Agreement. Words in the singular mean and 
include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine gender include the 
feminine gender and vice versa. Words in the neutral gender include the 
masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa.

  If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement is held by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is 
the parties' intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only 
to the extent deemed necessary by that court to render the provision 
reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of the provisions of this 
Agreement will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result.

  This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties. All 
understandings have been included in this Agreement. Representations which may 
have been made by any party to this Agreement may in some way be inconsistent 
with this final written Agreement. All such statements are declared to be of 
no value in this Agreement. Only the written terms of this Agreement will bind 
the parties.

  This Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement 
apply to and are binding upon the Vendor's successors and assigns.


                                   Notices

  All notices to the Vendor under this Agreement are to be provided via direct 
message to the following Discord account: cheesits#0456 (306018440639152128)